1- pull from the latest version of hugo’s branch.
2-make sure that you have done hugo’s test(VoiceRecognition test) because then you have all the libraries and settings you need here.-try to do it somewhere quiet.
3- navigate to DNS/dns_main/src/VoiceRecognition and then 
python3 Evaluation.py  
4- change the last line according to your name, language and and etc. you can choose whatever you want, i suggest(school, office, home for place and earthquake for accident and saturday, wednesday and friday for day) 
5-choose a proposed scenario and try to remember it. Then run the program and answer the questions based on the scenario you have chosen. Then take a screenshot and save it as the scenario number and send it to me.
6- If you have chosen to be unknown, start with english and change the name like this example:
a= eye_opening(‘en’, ‘ ’ , ‘ friday’, ‘earthquake’, ‘ office’ )
For the line 413: dont forget to change the file name according to the scenario you are trying to simulate,	
example: local_path = “testing_evaluation/csenarion_1.log”

 all start with small letters not capital. Even your names.then when the system asks you if you understand? You say something but not “yes”. Then it asks you: do you speak english? You say no,(anything but yes), then it asks you to choose between these languages and you choose native language.
7- I have made these scenarios with a random generator so if the system didn't ask you the questions that i have put an answer to, don't worry. Just continue.


P.s: for online give the system 1or 2 sec after you saw this: Recording Message.
For offline you start 1 or 2 sec after seeing : oh shit say something.
P.s2: if for offline turn off your wifi whenever you want. Doesn't really matter. You can also turn it back again if you want to.
P.s2:
P.s3 : Make short sentences and try to put the key words in the middle.:)


Dont forget to give me log files.(testing_evaluation) files



If there was any problem just call me. I am writing so i might not be available on messenger.
Thank you advanced for your help.:)

